Hi guys, in this video I want to show
you how to download and install Chip E
offline locally in your Windows machine.
Okay, first thing first, open the Google
Chrome. Search for LM Studio. After
searching for this, you will write
the AI locally run the AI locally in
your computer. Okay. After that
uh download for Windows.
After that I already download this file.
You can download from here. After that
install it and you get this file
LM studio.
Okay. For me it's still downloading.
This is the open AI the GPD model 20
billion words I think 12 GB
uh and two other files still uh and
downloading harmony windows and
lm for Nvidia codes okay and let's see
after download what's happening
okay fine downloading is done we have to
press this button to load The model
loading right now.
Look at the
it uses 11 GB of RA. It's slot
for low PC
and for the CPU nothing.
Okay, for example,
this and let's see.
Hi there. I can help you today. Okay,
let's load the file and see what's
happening.
Okay, file attachment drag. Okay, you
can download upload PDF text and CC.
Okay, let's use offline and let's see it
works or not. Let's close the internet
from here.
I press the internet
and let's see it works or not.
Okay, let's see. I want
create
none
or
fourth grade.
arrested
about school.
Let's see it works or not.
Okay, let's topic my school bag
organization responsibility.
It works fine. But look at the CPU
and the
it use a lot. And let's see. Uh let's
command GPU.
performance.
Look at it a bit of the GPU.
It's use
30% of the GPU.
The power the AI takes a lot of power.
Okay, it works fine.
Okay. Top learning objectives. Great
sign. Okay,
it's still working.
different stud extensions
this let's
for example choose an image
but we find
this was an image for example
any type of
text talking Not
let's download for example Python and
load it
Python ids
up in the internet
let's try this this P course it's in
France not Open them
downloaded
close the internet
and let's see what's happening with GPD
upload document is documentes okay
Python
resume
this course
it's reading the file All
right. Now this siding is finished to
reading the file.
It's still working.
Let's see how many bits in this file
to see.
Oh, a lot of bits.
400 to beats. It's a lot.
Okay. 12s.
I don't
this is
but
worth us
and won't replace you on the game. It's
fine.
Okay, I resume for this work. It's not
uh
good for high work. For example, a PDF
file for photo to pages. It's not good.
Look at this.
I couldn't find any sitation as a
document to this request. He didn't ask
access to this request.
For this we can add uh for reason for
medium high what do you want. Okay.
Thank you guys for watching this all for
this tutorial. See you later on in the
next uh tutorial.
Subscribe our channel for more